well welcome to another update on the N
scale portion of W MRC last time we
talked to you I think we were still we
just gettin started on the scenery here
of the of the helix and since that time
we've gone through we've strengthened it
up with some more plaster it was a it
was showing too much flexing we didn't
like the way it was going so I thought
up there and now the latest aids were
working on is getting some some tunnel
portals in place so that we can get on
with the rest of the scenery and it
started getting some real color some
trees and some rocks and stuff like that
in place so we've got a couple here
fitted here behind here we've got a
couple what we did until like that when
we have a couple tunnel portals or sorry
tunnel liners and stuff in place just to
block the light as they come around the
corners a bridge this will eventually be
a series of deck girders that we're
basically just gonna put the wood pieces
on the outside so kind of cheating a
little bit but it'll achieve the same
effect down here we have a I guess an
avalanche dead protect the trains that
come out of the tunnels I'll likely
extend the scenery out here a little bit
and make it look like some rocks are
coming down this is designed and kind of
modeled after the the same avalanche
bridges that you'll find out in white
Canyon I wouldn't be seen stuff like
your White River Canyon or something
like that I got a mixed up with it all
this so that's some of that there the
line is designed to mimic that whole
scene you can do all kinds of searches
online to find similar type stuff there
the trip that helix continues to come
out of here now and will traverse will
eventually be the river here the same
river that we're modeling after in BC
for the Mackenzie River Mackenzie I only
know if I think it's the what our Frazer
drivers can all pray for their mind is
what I have in mind the end both run
through there the spiral tunnels aren't
too far from that area I believe as well
- yeah so kind of mimicking that area we
just paid some rapids and some Swift
moving currents and stuff like that
through here and you can come to what's
really going to be I think the pride and
joy of the
seen is a couple custom bridges at one
of our members Jim spent hours upon
hours designing these works very closely
with our friends at imagine imagine art
laser cutting in designing ZUP and
custom designing this bridge to fit the
needs we've modeled them both after
prototypes that exist in the world and
they're pretty much to scale for for
what they should be for the size that
they are which isn't which in itself is
it's pretty cool many many hours you saw
when you want to think about the
hundreds of hours that he's put in there
in the end it's going to give us a
really breathtaking scene that they'd
ever be able to see as they come to
visit the site as we progress that
Millay oh you'll see that we've ripped
out a whole bunch a track pretty much
forty feet of it I would say the goal
here is we're never really happy with
the design that we've had before
and so the idea is we have a new track
plan there's going to be a large yard in
place modeled after kind of a hybrid of
a couple yards in Alberta at meeting at
Calgary area with the main line passing
through along the edge of them and
things like that we're trying something
new here where the guys are building it
at home on plywood and we will simply
insert it onto inserting it for large
pieces onto this piece onto this place
as a way of trying to speed up
development so that it's not just a
couple you know a couple hours a week we
can actually work on it every night or
something it is my home and that's about
it for an update on the N scale right
now we're keep plugging along and we'll
have another one for you soon don't
forget to check out piers website WV
poke calm the open heel about Comrie you
know upload and share designs of
different lot of different layouts
ranging in size from you know your two
by four is up to you or your room size
Thanks